docs: add a note for prerenderRoutes when used in dynamic routes (#26547)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/3.api/3.utils/prerender-routes.md

`prerenderRoutes` can only be called within the [Nuxt context](/docs/guide/going-further/nuxt-app#the-nuxt-context).
::

::note

> `prerenderRoutes` has to be executed during prerendering. If the `prerenderRoutes` is used in dynamic pages/routes, then it will never be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`prerenderRoutes` has to be executed during prerendering. If the `prerenderRoutes` is used in dynamic pages/routes which are not prerendered, then it will not be executed.
```
